Activity 1	Greet customer before entering into customer premises.
Activity 2	Understand the customers problem and ask for the CPE location.
Activity 3	Check optical power at faceplate and ensure Optical power value within prescribed limit i.e. > -25dB if not than check the fiber.
Activity 4	Check Connectivity of ONT & CPE, Lan Cable is properly fixed and connected with ONT and router.
Activity 5	IF required co-ordinate with O&M for the fiber rectification and inform ETR to customer.
Activity 6	Preferably ONT & CPE should be connected with UPS power If not please educate the customer
Activity 7	Patch cord must be properly coiled and placed, please ensure that there is no Bend in drop fiber and Patch cord.
Activity 8	Check for loose power plug. If power adaptor is loose into power plug than tighten it or ask user to provide alternate power socket.
Activity 9	Check earthing voltage (Earth to Neutral) at power socket from which power to CPE is to be given. If it is more than 5 Volts than tell user to rectify the same or else the CPE or adaptor may go faulty. Educate the customer regarding same.
Activity 10	If Required Co-ordinate with backend for the resolution, if not resolved inform the ETR to customer.
Activity 11	After Resolution of Customer problem explain resolution provided to the same to customer
Activity 12	Ensure that the WIFI is having the latest firmware if not than upgarde the firmware.
Activity 13	Check that WIFI is insatlled in ventilated area and not with in the close proximity of electrical appliances, educate the customer about the same.
Activity 14	Check Wi-Fi standard of the CLIENT (user laptop etc.) should be either  802.11 b / g or 802.11 b / g / n or 802.11 ac Wi-Fi connection speed depends on customer end device/Computer’s wireless network adaptor. For best speed wireless network adaptor should support latest Wi-Fi technology i.e. 802.11ac. If the wireless adaptor support old technology than customer speed will be less even if the Wi-Fi router supports 802.11 ac.
Activity 15	User’s receiver client must be in good working order and drivers installed properly
Activity 16	Ensure PC/Laptop is as per prescribed norms.
Activity 17	Ensure antivirus is updated. If antivirus is not installed /updated than educate the customer on antivirus.
Activity 18	Connect customer's smart devices with Wi-Fi.
Activity 19	Create batch files on customers computer/Laptop
Activity 20	Paste stickers of 'Phone' and 'WIFI router' on used port of ONT and 'ONT-IN' on used port of router if not available
	Customer Education
Activity 21	Educate customer that in case of ONT is powerd OFF, Land line will not be working
Activity 22	Educate customer about product and its features(Like Fiber benefits, VTA fair usage policy, Contention Ratio)
Activity 23	Inform customer about ONT & CPE lights status.
Activity 24	Show that speed is as per customer plan.
Activity 25	Educate customer about the basic connectivity of the CPE (ONT and WIFI) with each other and instrument
Activity 26	Educate customer about Wi-Fi coverage and limitations in coverage due to physical obstructions (like walls, etc.) and interference due to proximity to electrical appliances (like cordless phone, desktop, etc.)
Activity 27	Inform about CAS: Government mandate, its benefits, maximum number of devices that can be connected using CAS, SSID etc.
Activity 28	Explain about basic computer hygiene like deleting cookies/running antivirus/ defragmentation (specific to the basic understanding of the customer).
Activity 29	Explain using at least two browsers to trouble shoot issue specific to sites.
Activity 30	Explain the use of Batch File.
Activity 31	Explain Single user speed /Bandwidth sharing between multiple users.
Activity 32	Explain about FTTH technology and about Downlink and Uplink speed.
Activity 33	Educate the customer that there should not be any bend in patch cord and drop fiber.
Activity 34	LONGER ANTENNA in device does not necessarily mean more coverage. Engineers should know this fact as coverage is depend only on signal strength.
Activity 35	Basic explanation of “Line of Sight” (LOS) & “Non Line of Sight” (NLOS) may be extended to customer to appreciate Wi-Fi performance.
Activity 36	Check and Ensure that basic do's and don't are followed
Activity 37	Educate customer about basic troubleshooting like Lan/WIFI card enable and disable, Proxy enable and disable etc.
Activity 38	Educate customer about his username, password and WIFI Key
Activity 39	Educate customer on airtel SOW
Activity 40	Educate customer that ONT is remotely monitored, in case line parameter are not up to the specified limit, engg may contact you for visit and rectification
Activity 41	Explain the purpose of OCD to understand the objective behind these closure calls.
Activity 42	Explain the importance of 121, ORT desk to the customer
